feat(i18n): load JSON translations (#3365)
redhat-developer/rhdh: docs/customization.md

    - de
    - it
  defaultLocale: en # Optional. Used as fallback when browser language preferences don't match supported locales, or defaults to 'en' if not specified.

>   overrides: # List of json translation files to override existing plugin translations or add translations for a locale
>     - <path-to>/<plugin-x>.json
>     - <path-to>/<plugin-y>.json

Reviewer: nit:

The example plugin-x, plugin-y might give the impression that overrides are limited to individual plugins. Since overrides can also be more general, maybe we could adjust the example to avoid confusion.
 
```suggestion
  overrides: # List of JSON translation files applied in order (last file wins).  Each file may override/add translations for one or more plugins/locales
    - <path-to>/<overrides-1>.json
    - <path-to>/<overrides-2>.json
```
This way, the documentation makes it clear that overrides are not restricted to plugin-level only.

```

> Example of json translation file, where the top-level key is the plugin translation id.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
Example of JSON translation file, where the top-level key is the plugin translation reference ID (defined as translationRef in the [plugin source](https://github.com/backstage/community-plugins/blob/main/workspaces/npm/plugins/npm/src/translations/ref.ts#L23)
)
```
